---
layout: navbar-post
title:  "Vostok K Incident: The Technology Behind it."
cover: assets/img/street-me.webp
date:   2018-02-07 12:31:01 +0000
categories: work
published: false
tags: philosophy
---

Before mentioning the cliche's of why you should code - problem solving, logic, integration and organisational skills, I probably ended up as a programmer from the creative freedom it gives.

Whilst studying as a masters student at the University of York in computer science, I learned that being a good developer is not about being able to list a tonne of languages you know, or recite an entire API, although these things do help. For me, it was knowing what was already there in front of you.

I never discovered creative freedom by coding - and I'm glad I didn't. It was from the early adoption of piano and clarinet, that lead to a degree at Sussex in music... notably in composition. Music gave

## Politics of Code

Political
Dissemination
Authenticity

Fight against

## Technical

Advances of code
I would get a real kick out of it, to be honest.

I know id be on the frontlines.

Organigram

What technical skills I can provide in the current cultural context
Because of vast improvements in website platform design now, it is very hard for a user to identify a piece of misleading information. To understand why that is the case now, you need to understand just how exponential the growth in information delivery has been. Not just with the speed of its delivery, but with the design of its delivery. Any
Finding the competitive edge of technology so that journalism can keep moving at a fast pace.


I don't code for money, to show off my high skills, even if I like having them at times.
I don't code for an idea that I don't fully understand at its highest level.
I don't code where I don't see a roadmap.

Why now?

Problem solving
Communication and Teamwork
Developmental skills
STEM and Arts integration
Organizational skills
Lifelong Skills
…and most importantly: unlimited creative freedom
