---
layout: navbar-post
title:  "CV Update"
cover: assets/img/street-me.JPG
date:   2018-02-07 12:31:01 +0000
categories: work
published: true
tags: philosophy
---

# Cover Letter

I am currently hold a full-time post in a software development team based in the Department of Electronics at the University of Surrey. The project, which has been running for five years and will conclude in June 2019, is developing object-based audio for creative communities and immersive home environments. The project collaborates with the Universities of Surrey, Salford and Southampton, and the BBC R&D. The skills required from me for this post and which I would be able to bring to this position include:

- a wide-range of language skills for developing applications from the back end to the front end,
- strong social and communication skills to support inclusive team working amongst multiple academic and non-academic stakeholders,
- an ability to harness digital opportunities by imagining, specifying, building and implementing innovative applications,
- the commitment to work under pressure to meet hard deadlines stipulated by the stakeholders,
- finding productive ways to share information to enhance knowledge dissemination and promote efficiency.

Although I have no experience in journalism I have a keen interest, not only in national and international news, but in the diverse ways in which technology is, and can, affect dissemination and consumption of information.  While technology provides challenges to established printing forms, I would be enthusiastic about looking at and working on ways in which technical and editorial thinking might combine to create new opportunities to support growth, cost reduction and efficiency.
In addition to the news, I have a wide range of interests outside work that include music (composing, playing and listening), cycling, swimming and cooking. I have travelled in the Middle East and Europe (including living in Italy for a number of years). Regrettably my knowledge of spoken languages falls short of my knowledge of computer languages.

# CV

## Current Position
Research Software/Audio Developer, University of Surrey,
September 2017 - present
Software developer on a research project with the BBC R&D, called S3A. Funded by the EPSRC, it collaborates with  the University of Southampton, Salford, Surrey and the BBC R&D. Involved with the Development integration of research for spatial-audio, for object-based audio. Developed cross-platform applications with C++, and lead in software deployment and back-end website with continuous integration.

## About
I am particularly enthusiastic about developing the technology community,

## Skills

### PHP & Local Wordpress Development
Developing a multi-purpose theme for Wordpress, using a backend PHP framework, targeted at website designers to give more dashboard controls over the website look-and-feel by embedding more creative open-source technologies, like WebGL. Utilised a version-controlled source and build structure with gulp, Node.js and yarn for deployment and packaging on a local server, embedded within Wordpress. This was a self-driven project.

### Max/MSP, C++ and JUCE**
Software Developer on Spatial Audio Software In order to produce software for object-based audio, we utilised an ecosystem with JUCE framework and our object-based audio rendering framework. I Engineered and integrated research that lead to the implementation of a VST software that allows audio ‘objects’ to be panned for multiple speaker setups within digital audio workstations. Tested with up to 42 speakers. Much of the code will be openly available on GitHub for open-source-community.

### Jekyll, CSS
As a way to publish research and blogs regularly, I use Github pages and Jekyll to generate a static HTML website. The website is available at https://williamdunstanmorris.github.io

### Git, Gitlab CI**
Continuous Integration and Deployment Lead for VST3 Production Suite. In order to have versioned VST3 software working on multiple platforms and for various digital-audio-workstations, I engineered a Gitlab-CI pipeline focusing on hidden keys and anchors to reduce code redundancy.

### Git, Gitlab CI**
Deployment & Continuous Integration Engineering for VISR. To achieve versioned cross-platform releases of the [VISR](http://www.s3a-spatialaudio.org/visr) framework, an object-based audio rendering framework for the open-source community, I worked with the University of Southampton remotely to craft an automated pipeline with Gitlab-CI, from building in CMake, Unit testing through to packaging.

### Language/Technology: Max/MSP; GLSL
Kluster, A Max/MSP framework for OpenGL. Self-lead MSc project to create a number of abstracted extendable modules that give more user-friendly control over the way audiovisuals are rendered in real-time.

### Java
I acquired fundamental concepts of Object-Orientated engineering learned by development of softwares such as a Study Planner Application and a Publication Management System in Java, both collaboratively and individually, exploring different design patterns, like a model-view-controller pattern. As one of my first languages, I apply much of these object-orientated principles in practice with other languages nowadays.

## Community Development

### Talk: Git Poetry
To better the centre's understanding of version-control techniques, I gave a live git demonstration on good practices for version control for collaborative workflow. This is summarised in a blog post here, https://williamdunstanmorris.github.io//gitflow-techniques.html

### Talk: Continuous Integration Practices
As part of two-part demonstration series, I gave live demonstration with gitlab-runner for gitlab-ci, explaining the benefits of automating a build process.

### Demo: Object-Based Reverberation Demo
As part of the S3A project's auditing process, I curated a demo of my audio software within a 9.1 speaker setup to some visiting external members from Sennheiser.

### Talk: Optimising Workflow Practices with grid-computing.
In an upcoming demonstration, I will be explaining gitlab-ci integration with high throughput computing software, HTCondor, for faster workflow approaches in fields involving machine-learning and DNNs.   

## Education
[BA] Music, University of Sussex, 2011 - 2014
Introduced to programming with Supercollider, a C-style syntax, and produced algorithmic compositions and my own virtual software instrument as part of the course project. See my website for more on this. Continue to pursue composition and production as a passion.

[MSc] Computer Science, University of York, 2016 - 2017
Concepts of advanced programming and software engineering concepts, computer architecture, distributed performance computing and software testing. Studied in user-centred design for product dev.

## Additional Experience
English Teacher, British Institute of Rome, 2016
Acquired a CELTA teaching qualification, built up communication skills and acquired a modest understanding of spoken Italian.

Activities Manager, Education First, Brighton, 2015
Organised and managed staff and activities leaders, managing budgets and events in venues across Brighton and south-east England.

Grade 8 Piano, Grade 8 Jazz Clarinet
Qualifications for musical instruments.
CELTA English Teaching Qualification
Qualification for teaching English abroad that lead me to  language school teaching in Rome.  
Royal Commendation, Royal Human Society for Her Majesty the Queen
Given Certificate of Commendation for act of bravery.
