---
layout: navbar-post-basic
title:  "Why Even Code?"
cover: assets/img/street-me.webp
date:   2018-02-07 12:31:01 +0000
categories: work
published: true
tags: philosophy
---

Helloooo, Welcome to me blog. I'm a unix-based software developer and development-ops engineer working on an EPSRC-funded project in spatial audio. I come from an creative-arts education and background. The project I am on is based in Surrey, but also involves Southampton, Salford and the BBC R&D. Involved with the Development integration of research for spatial-audio, for object-based audio. Developed cross-platform applications with C++, and lead in software deployment and continuous integration

I hold an MSc in Computer Science at the University of York, and a BA in Music from the University of Sussex.

## Politics of Code

Before mentioning the cliche's of why you should code - problem solving, logic, integration and organisational skills and whatever else, I probably ended up as a programmer from the creative freedom it gives. As well as music, I get a real kick out of coding. At first, it was hard to find the creative freedom by coding - and I'm glad I didn't at an early age. It was from the early adoption of piano and clarinet, that lead to a degree at Sussex in music... notably in with composition.  Whilst studying as a masters student at the University of York in computer science, I learned that being a good developer is not about being able to list a tonne of languages you know, or recite an entire API, although these things do help. For me, it was knowing what was already there in front of you.

## Relevant Projects

### Miyagi-Studio Framework
**Language/Technology: PHP & Wordpress**
Developing a multi-purpose theme for Wordpress, using Redux, a backend PHP framework, targeted at website designers to give more dashboard controls over the website look-and-feel by embedding more creative open-source technologies, like WebGL. Utilised a version-controlled source and build structure with gulp, Node.js and yarn for deployment and packaging on a local server, embedded within Wordpress. This was a self-driven project.

### Continuous Integration and Deployment Lead for VST3 Production Suite
**Language/Technology: Git, Gitlab CI**
In order to have versioned VST3 software working on multiple platforms and for various digital-audio-workstations, I engineered a Gitlab-CI pipeline focusing on hidden keys and anchors to reduce code redundancy.

### Deployment & Continuous Integration Engineering for VISR
**Language/Technology: Git, Gitlab CI**
To achieve versioned cross-platform releases of the [VISR](http://www.s3a-spatialaudio.org/visr) framework, an object-based audio rendering framework for the open-source community, I worked with the University of Southampton remotely to craft an automated pipeline with Gitlab-CI, from building in CMake, Unit testing through to packaging.

### Software Developer on Spatial Audio Software
**Language/Technology: Max/MSP, C++ and JUCE**
In order to produce software for object-based audio, we utilised an ecosystem with JUCE framework and our object-based audio rendering framework. I Engineered and integrated research that lead to the implementation of a VST software that allows audio ‘objects’ to be panned for multiple speaker setups within digital audio workstations. Tested with up to 42 speakers. Much of the code will be openly available on GitHub for open-source-community.

### Kluster, A Max/MSP framework for OpenGL
**Language/Technology: Max/MSP; GLSL**
Self-lead MSc project to create a number of abstracted extendable modules that give more user-friendly control over the way audiovisuals are rendered in real-time.

## Demonstrations

### Git for Poets
To better the centre's understanding of version-control techniques, I gave a live git demonstration on good practices for version control for collaborative workflow. This is summarised in a blog post here, https://williamdunstanmorris.github.io//gitflow-techniques.html

### Continuous Integration Practices
As part of two-part demonstration series, I gave live demonstration with gitlab-runner for gitlab-ci, explaining the benefits of automating a build process.

### Object-Based Reverberation Demo
As part of the S3A project's auditing process, I curated a demo of my audio software within a 9.1 speaker setup to some visiting external members from Sennheiser.

### Optimising Workflow Practices with grid-computing.
In an upcoming demonstration, I will be explaining gitlab-ci integration with high throughput computing software, HTCondor, for faster workflow approaches in fields involving machine-learning and DNNs.   


Political
Dissemination
Authenticity

Fight against

## Technical



Unix-based software developer. I am particularly enthusiastic about developing the technology community.
 You can read my
all round developer
Became interested in stack development
Interested in developing more front-end ?? Optimisations
Raising the barrier for entry of public releases
You cannot make awesome things now on the internet, you could not scale this before. It is possible to make amazing things now.

Organigram

What technical skills I can provide in the current cultural context
Because of vast improvements in website platform design now, it is very hard for a user to identify a piece of misleading information. To understand why that is the case now, you need to understand just how exponential the growth in information delivery has been. Not just with the speed of its delivery, but with the design of its delivery. Any
Finding the competitive edge of technology so that journalism can keep moving at a fast pace.


I don't code for money, to show off my high skills, even if I like having them at times.
I don't code for an idea that I don't fully understand at its highest level.
I don't code where I don't see a roadmap.

Why now?

Problem solving
Communication and Teamwork
Developmental skills
STEM and Arts integration
Organizational skills
Lifelong Skills
…and most importantly: unlimited creative freedom
